# Introduction #

You may be receiving errors if you try to compile the solution as it stands in trunk.  The error(s), most likely three of them, will resemble something like:

Error	27	Invalid Resx file. Could not find file 'Trunk\CwAgent\Resources\CwDriver.sys'. Line 123, position 5.	Trunk\CwAgent\Properties\Resources.resx	123	5	CwAgent

# Problem Description #

This issue arises from the fact that the Codeword visual studio solution has 4 projects that are arranged hierarchically:  each project depends on the compilation result of one of the other projects (except the top-level project, CwDriver).  To see the build order and dependencies, right-click on the solution, select properties and then select Project Dependencies.  By scrolling through each project in the drop-down box, visual studio will automatically check the box next to the project it depends on.

Here is the dependency tree, in a nutshell.  More details can be found in the user manual.

  * CwDriver has no dependencies; it is the top-level project; when this project is built, it generates a .sys file
  * CwAgent depends on the .sys file generated by CwDriver; visual studio embeds this driver inside the CwAgent.exe executable as part of the compilation process
  * CwInstaller depends on the .exe file generated by CwAgent; it generates an empty setup msi installer file that has the agent binary inside
  * CwAdminConsole depends on the msi generated by CwInstaller; it uses this installer as a template when the user tweaks agent settings in the console

# Solution #

You need to manually build the CwDriver project (open the Codeword solution, right-click on CwDriver, project only, build only cwdriver) and copy the resulting .sys file to the CwAgent\Resources folder.  The solution should compile.

You will need to do this each time you alter the driver.

A better fix to the problem is to create custom build actions, so the file is automatically copied to the required folder in the solution build process, but I never got around to doing this.  If you do have the time and would like to contribute to the project, that'd be a great help.

Sippy